Fix globals, part 8: `scheduler` (#33414)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/prioritized_task_scheduling_api/index.md

### Extensions to other interfaces

- {{domxref("Navigator.scheduling")}}
  - : This property is the entry point for using the `Scheduling.isInputPending()` method.
- {{domxref("Window.scheduler")}} and {{domxref("WorkerGlobalScope.scheduler")}}

>   - : This property is the entry point for using the `Scheduler.postTask()` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : These properties are the entry points for using the `Scheduler.postTask()` method in a window or a worker scope, respectively.
```
